- Make nodes move fluidly
Node rework:
- The types "return" and "trigger" are supposed to be TYPES not specific nodes.
  Currently, there is a node "Trigger" and a node "Return", but I want to change it so that
  a node like HttpRequest is a trigger node.
  The concept behind this is that the workflow compiles to a routine which checks for an event defined for
  this trigger node and then calls the function representing the rest of the workflow.
  Thus, this node takes no input as it is the very beginning of state and it gives outputs, which
  are the arguments it gives to the workflow function.

  This means that the return node effectively compiles to this:
    "return RETURN_NODE_FUNCTION(...inputs...)"
- Introduce logic nodes:
    - branches (if statements)
    - loops
  These nodes are their own types like for example return nodes
- Introduce a way to call a function / node with no inputs
- Introduce a way to chain multiple inputs to multiple nodes.
  Currently every output of a node goes to exactly one input.
  However, we may want to log a string and then give it to another function.

  This also requires a way to regulate execution order for nodes.

Concept for control flow:
  A specific control flow connection.
  This is a connection which regulates what nodes to execute. It originated in a trigger node and is terminated in a
  return node. It can only be split on nodes which return one of X different things.
  This fixes the function with no input problem too.
  Connecting this control flow connection to a node requires that all nodes which it gets its inputs from have been called
  before it.

Concept for multiple nodes with the same input data.
  There are two kinds of inputs. A passthrough value and a consumed value.
  A consumed value is given as an input and is consumed by the function / node.
  A passthrough value is given as an input and then returned again.

  This can be imagined like a Rust function. A passthrough value is a borrow and a
  consumed value is the literal instance / value.

claude --resume 326b927e-a95f-4e4e-bc25-93d49ca5e15b